LITERATURE UPDATEMay 02 - May 08, 2019Literature search for biomech* or locomot*Sarah A Roelker, PhDNeuromuscular Biomechanics LabDepartment of Mechanical EngineeringUniversity of Texas at Austin, USAhttps://www.researchgate.net/profile/Sarah_Roelker/publicationshttps://tinyurl.com/RoelkerScholar*********************NOTE*********************- Not all articles have a DOI.- Some DOI links may not yet be available online.- Articles with no volume, issue or page numbers indicate that the article has not been published in paper form yet, but may be available in electronic form through the publisher[U]*BONE*[/U]Velioglu, ZB; Pulat, D; Demirbakan, B; Ozcan, B; Bayrak, E; Erisken, C. 3d-printed poly(lactic acid) scaffolds for trabecular bone repair and regeneration: scaffold and native bone characterization. Connective Tissue Research 2019;60:274-282. http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/03008207.2018.1499732Grgic, O; Rivadeneira, F; Shevroja, E; Trajanoska, K; Jaddoe, VWV; Uitterlinden, AG; Beck, TJ; Wolvius, EB; Medina-Gomez, C. Femoral stress is prominently associated with fracture risk in children: the generation r study. Bone 2019;122:150-155. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bone.2019.02.018Skubich, J; Piszczatowski, S. Model of loadings acting on the femoral bone during gait. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:54-63. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.02.018[U]*BOTANY*[/U]Voigt, D; Schrameyer, K; Kiefer, J; Zebitz, CPW; Gorb, S. Anchoring of greenhouse whitefly eggs on different rose cultivars. Arthropod-Plant Interactions 2019;13:335-348. http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s11829-019-09680-5[U]*CARDIOVASCULAR/CARDIOPULMONARY*[/U]Cheng, YP; Gasior, P; Ramzipoor, K; Lee, C; McGregor, JC; Conditt, GB; McAndrew, T; Kaluza, GL; Granada, JF. In vitro mechanical behavior and in vivo healing response of a novel thin-strut ultrahigh molecular weight poly-l-lactic acid sirolimus-eluting bioresorbable coronary scaffold in normal swine. International Journal Of Cardiology 2019;286:21-28. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcard.2019.04.012Park, CS; Alaraj, A; Du, XJ; Charbel, FT; Linninger, AA. An efficient full space-time discretization method for subject-specific hemodynamic simulations of cerebral arterial blood flow with distensible wall mechanics. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:37-47. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.02.014Li, SB; Lei, L; Hu, Y; Zhang, YF; Zhao, SJ; Zhang, JW. A fully coupled framework for in silico investigation of in-stent restenosis. Computer Methods In Biomechanics And Biomedical Engineering 2019;22:217-228. http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/10255842.2018.1545017Ribeiro, F; Oueslati, F; Saey, D; Lepine, PA; Chambah, S; Coats, V; Maltais, F. Cardiorespiratory and muscle oxygenation responses to isokinetic exercise in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Medicine And Science In Sports And Exercise 2019;51:841-849. http://dx.doi.org/10.1249/MSS.0000000000001856Barrett, HE; Van der Heiden, K; Farrell, E; Gijsen, FJH; Akyildiz, AC. Calcifications in atherosclerotic plaques and impact on plaque biomechanics. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:1-12. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.03.005[U]*CELLULAR/SUBCELLULAR*[/U]Renkawitz, J; Kopf, A; Stopp, J; de Vries, I; Driscoll, MK; Merrin, J; Hauschild, R; Welf, ES; Danuser, G; Fiolka, R; Sixt, M. Nuclear positioning facilitates amoeboid migration along the path of least resistance. Nature 2019;568:546-43. http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41586-019-1087-5Yu, XT; Chen, LG; Tang, MJ; Yang, ZB; Fu, AL; Wang, ZZ; Wang, HB. Revealing the effects of curcumin on sh-sy5y neuronal cells: a combined study from cellular viability, morphology, and biomechanics. Journal Of Agricultural And Food Chemistry 2019;67:4273-4279. http://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jafc.9b00314Holle, AW; Devi, NGK; Clar, K; Fan, A; Saif, T; Kemkemer, R; Spatz, JP. Cancer cells invade confined microchannels via a self-directed mesenchymal-to-amoeboid transition. Nano Letters 2019;19:2280-2290. http://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.nanolett.8b04720Bijonowski, BM; Daraiseh, SI; Yuan, XG; Ma, T. Size-dependent cortical compaction induces metabolic adaptation in mesenchymal stem cell aggregates. Tissue Engineering Part A 2019;25:575-587. http://dx.doi.org/10.1089/ten.tea.2018.0155[U]*COMPARATIVE*[/U]Matsuo, T; Morita, F; Tani, D; Nakamura, H; Higurashi, Y; Ohgi, J; Luziga, C; Wada, N. Anatomical variation of habitat-related changes in scapular morphology. Anatomia Histologia Embryologia 2019;48:218-227. http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/ahe.12426Fratani, J; Ponssa, ML; Abdala, V. Evolution of tendon shape in an anuran clade and its relation to size, phylogeny and locomotion. Journal Of Zoology 2019;307:233-241. http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/jzo.12639[U]*DENTAL/ORAL/FACIAL*[/U]Ortun-Terrazas, J; Cegonino, J; Santana-Penin, U; Santana-Mora, U; del Palomar, AP. A porous fibrous hyperelastic damage model for human periodontal ligament: application of a microcomputerized tomography finite element model. International Journal For Numerical Methods In Biomedical Engineering 2019;35:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cnm.3176Mao, ZH; Zhou, YL. Biomechanical-evaluation of implant thread parameters under poor quality bone. Basic & Clinical Pharmacology & Toxicology 2019;124:370-370. Hu, FL; Gong, YM; Bian, Z; Zhang, XY; Xu, B; Zhang, JG; Shi, XJ; Yu, YC; Song, L. Comparison of three different types of two-implant-supported magnetic attachments on the stress distribution in edentulous mandible. Computational And Mathematical Methods In Medicine 2019;NaN:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1155/2019/6839517Savin, C; Antohe, ME; Balan, A; Sirghe, A; Gavrila, L. Study regarding the elastic impression biomaterials dimensional stability. Revista De Chimie 2019;70:797-800. [U]*DIGESTIVE*[/U]Siri, S; Maier, F; Chen, LT; Santos, S; Pierce, DM; Feng, B. Differential biomechanical properties of mouse distal colon and rectum innervated by the splanchnic and pelvic afferents. American Journal Of Physiology-Gastrointestinal And Liver Physiology 2019;316:71-5255-5171-5256-49. http://dx.doi.org/10.1152/ajpgi.00324.2018[U]*ERGONOMICS*[/U]Borgs, SP; La Delfa, NJ; Dickerson, CR. An evaluation of off-axis manual forces and upper extremity joint moments during unilateral pushing and pulling exertions. Ergonomics 2019;62:52-64. http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/00140139.2018.1525501Amiri, S; Naserkhaki, S; Parnianpour, M. Effect of whole-body vibration and sitting configurations on lumbar spinal loads of vehicle occupants. Computers In Biology And Medicine 2019;107:292-301. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.compbiomed.2019.02.019[U]*EVOLUTION/ANTHROPOLOGY*[/U]Lambert, O; Bianucci, G; Salas-Gismondi, R; Di Celma, C; Steurbaut, E; Urbina, M; de Muizon, C. An amphibious whale from the middle eocene of peru reveals early south pacific dispersal of quadrupedal cetaceans. Current Biology 2019;29:1352-43. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cub.2019.02.050[U]*GAIT/LOCOMOTION*[/U]Bon, G; Ben Kacem, E; Lepretre, PM; Weissland, T; Mertl, P; Dehl, M; Gabrion, A. Does the direct anterior approach allow earlier recovery of walking following total hip arthroplasty? a randomized prospective trial using accelerometry. Orthopaedics & Traumatology-Surgery & Research 2019;105:445-452. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.otsr.2019.02.008Vakula, MN; Fisher, KL; Garcia, SA; Holmes, SC; Post, BK; Costa, PB; Pamukoff, DN. Quadriceps impairment is associated with gait mechanics in young adults with obesity. Medicine And Science In Sports And Exercise 2019;51:951-961. http://dx.doi.org/10.1249/MSS.0000000000001891Davis, HC; Luc-Harkey, BA; Seeley, MK; Blackburn, JT; Pietrosimone, B. Sagittal plane walking biomechanics in individuals with knee osteoarthritis after quadriceps strengthening. Osteoarthritis And Cartilage 2019;27:771-780. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.joca.2018.12.026Greca, JPD; Ryan, J; Baltzopoulos, V; Korff, T. Biomechanical evaluation of walking and cycling in children. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:13-18. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.01.051Lunn, DE; Chapman, GJ; Redmond, AC. Hip kinematics and kinetics in total hip replacement patients stratified by age and functional capacity. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:19-27. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.02.002Walker, K; Hauser, H. Adapting stiffness and attack angle through trial and error to increase self-stability in locomotion. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:28-36. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.02.009McCrum, C; Willems, P; Karamanidis, K; Meijer, K. Stability-normalised walking speed: a new approach for human gait perturbation research. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:48-53. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.02.016Iijima, H; Shimoura, K; Ono, T; Aoyama, T; Takahashi, M. Proximal gait adaptations in individuals with knee osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:127-141. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.02.027Decavel, P; Sagawa, Y. Gait quantification in multiple sclerosis: a single-centre experience of systematic evaluation. Neurophysiologie Clinique-Clinical Neurophysiology 2019;49:165-171. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.neucli.2019.01.004Chastan, N; Decker, LM. Posturo-locomotor markers of preclinical parkinson's disease. Neurophysiologie Clinique-Clinical Neurophysiology 2019;49:173-180. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.neucli.2019.01.001Altinkaynak, ES; Braun, DJ. A phase-invariant linear torque-angle-velocity relation hidden in human walking data. Ieee Transactions On Neural Systems And Rehabilitation Engineering 2019;27:702-711. http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TNSRE.2019.2899970Htoo, CK; Sein, MM; Myint, T; Naing, NL. Biomechanical motion assessment in elders via kinect skeleton joints. Basic & Clinical Pharmacology & Toxicology 2019;124:217-218. [U]*ANIMAL LOCOMOTION*[/U]Endo, H; Nguyen, ST; Yoshida, M; Kudo, K. Three-dimensional ct observation of position and movability of the scapula in the horse using carcasses of falabella. Anatomia Histologia Embryologia 2019;48:250-255. http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/ahe.12430Gorb, SN; Gorb, EV. Frequency of plant visits by the generalist ant lasius niger depends on the surface microstructure of plant stems. Arthropod-Plant Interactions 2019;13:311-320. http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s11829-019-09681-4Skipper, AN; Murphy, DW; Webster, DR. Characterization of hop-and-sink daphniid locomotion. Journal Of Plankton Research 2019;41:142-153. http://dx.doi.org/10.1093/plankt/fbz003[U]*HAND/FINGER/FOOT/TOE*[/U]Ramirez-Velez, R; Correa-Bautista, JE; Garcia-Hermoso, A; Cano, CA; Izquierdo, M. Reference values for handgrip strength and their association with intrinsic capacity domains among older adults. Journal Of Cachexia Sarcopenia And Muscle 2019;10:278-286. http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/jcsm.12373[U]*JOINT/CARTILAGE*[/U]Danalache, M; Kleinert, R; Schneider, J; Erler, AL; Schwitalle, M; Riester, R; Traub, F; Hofmann, UK. Changes in stiffness and biochemical composition of the pericellular matrix as a function of spatial chondrocyte organisation in osteoarthritic cartilage. Osteoarthritis And Cartilage 2019;27:823-832. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.joca.2019.01.008Durrant, M; Durrant, L; McElroy, T. Establishing a common instantaneous center of rotation for the metatarso- phalangeal and metatarso-sesamoid joints: a theoretical geometric model based on specific morphometrics. Journal Of Orthopaedic Surgery And Research 2019;14:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1186/s13018-019-1110-4Hu, WK; Chen, DW; Li, B; Yang, YF; Yu, GR. Motion of the distal tibiofibular syndesmosis under different loading patterns: a biomechanical study. Journal Of Orthopaedic Surgery 2019;27:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/2309499019842879Singh, P; Marcu, KB; Goldring, MB; Otero, M. Phenotypic instability of chondrocytes in osteoarthritis: on a path to hypertrophy. Annals Of The New York Academy Of Sciences 2019;1442:17-34. http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/nyas.13930Farooqi, AR; Bader, R; van Rienen, U. Numerical study on electromechanics in cartilage tissue with respect to its electrical properties. Tissue Engineering Part B-Reviews 2019;25:152-166. http://dx.doi.org/10.1089/ten.teb.2018.0214[U]*METHODS*[/U]Ehlers, W; Wagner, A. Modelling and simulation methods applied to coupled problems in porous-media mechanics. Archive Of Applied Mechanics 2019;89:609-628. http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00419-019-01520-5Yuan, QL; Asadi, E; Lu, QH; Yang, GL; Chen, IM. Uncertainty-based imu orientation tracking algorithm for dynamic motions. Ieee-Asme Transactions On Mechatronics 2019;24:872-882. http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TMECH.2019.2892069Muller, A; Pontonnier, C; Dumont, G. Music method enhancement by a sensitivity study of its performance: application to a lower limbs musculoskeletal model. Computer Methods In Biomechanics And Biomedical Engineering 2019;22:159-168. http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/10255842.2018.1541455Cronin, NJ; Rantalainen, T; Ahtiainen, JP; Hynynen, E; Waller, B. Markerless 2d kinematic analysis of underwater running: a deep learning approach. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:75-82. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.02.021Connaboy, C; Eagle, SR; Johnson, CD; Flanagan, SD; Mi, Q; Nindl, BC. Using machine learning to predict lower-extremity injury in us special forces. Medicine And Science In Sports And Exercise 2019;51:1073-1079. http://dx.doi.org/10.1249/MSS.0000000000001881[U]*MODELING*[/U]Maghsoudi, OH; Vahedipour, A; Hallowell, T; Spence, A. Open-source python software for analysis of 3d kinematics from quadrupedal animals. Biomedical Signal Processing And Control 2019;51:364-373. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bspc.2019.02.024[U]*MUSCLE*[/U]Lin, SH; Li, YQ; Lucas-Osma, AM; Hari, K; Stephens, MJ; Singla, R; Heckman, CJ; Zhang, Y; Fouad, K; Fenrich, KK; Bennett, DJ. Locomotor-related v3 interneurons initiate and coordinate muscles spasms after spinal cord injury. Journal Of Neurophysiology 2019;121:1352-1367. http://dx.doi.org/10.1152/jn.00776.2018Castagneri, C; Agostini, V; Rosati, S; Balestra, G; Knaflitz, M. Asymmetry index in muscle activations. Ieee Transactions On Neural Systems And Rehabilitation Engineering 2019;27:772-779. http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TNSRE.2019.2903687Pavan, PG; Todros, S; Pachera, P; Pianigiani, S; Natali, AN. The effects of the muscular contraction on the abdominal biomechanics: a numerical investigation. Computer Methods In Biomechanics And Biomedical Engineering 2019;22:139-148. http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/10255842.2018.1540695[U]*NEURAL*[/U]Valdez, G. Effects of disease-afflicted and aging neurons on the musculoskeletal system. Bone 2019;122:31-37. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bone.2019.01.023Katz, M; Corson, F; Keil, W; Singhal, A; Bae, A; Lu, Y; Liang, YP; Shaham, S. Glutamate spillover in c. elegans triggers repetitive behavior through presynaptic activation of mgl-2/mglur5. Nature Communications 2019;10:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-09581-4Zheng, WP; Xu, FT; Chen, HY; Wang, N; Xiao, WD; Liang, YJ; Wen, SF. Time course of diffusion tensor imaging metrics in the chronic spinal cord compression rat model. Acta Radiologica 2019;60:653-662. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0284185118795335[U]*OBSTETRICS AND GYNECOLOGY*[/U]Hemmerich, A; Bandrowska, T; Dumas, GA. The effects of squatting while pregnant on pelvic dimensions: a computational simulation to understand childbirth. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:64-74. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.02.017[U]*ORTHOPAEDICS/SPINE*[/U]Dagneaux, L; Marouby, S; Maillot, C; Canovas, F; Riviere, C. Dual mobility device reduces the risk of prosthetic hip instability for patients with degenerated spine: a case-control study. Orthopaedics & Traumatology-Surgery & Research 2019;105:461-466. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.otsr.2018.12.003Bell, KM; Debski, RE; Sowa, GA; Kang, JD; Tashman, S. Optimization of compressive loading parameters to mimic in vivo cervical spine kinematics in vitro. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:107-113. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.02.022Kang, J; Chen, GR; Zhai, X; He, XJ. In vivo three-dimensional kinematics of the cervical spine during maximal active head rotation. Plos One 2019;14:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0215357Tadano, S; Tanabe, H; Arai, S; Fujino, K; Doi, T; Akai, M. Lumbar mechanical traction: a biomechanical assessment of change at the lumbar spine. Bmc Musculoskeletal Disorders 2019;20:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1186/s12891-019-2545-9Dehghan-Hamani, I; Arjmand, N; Shirazi-Adl, A. Subject-specific loads on the lumbar spine in detailed finite element models scaled geometrically and kinematic-driven by radiography images. International Journal For Numerical Methods In Biomedical Engineering 2019;35:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cnm.3182Zhu, WY; Zang, L; Li, J; Guan, L; Hai, Y. A biomechanical study on proximal junctional kyphosis following long-segment posterior spinal fusion. Brazilian Journal Of Medical And Biological Research 2019;52:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1590/1414-431X20197748[U]*ORTHOPAEDICS/SURGERY*[/U]Mannen, EM; Ali, AA; Dennis, DA; Haas, BD; Rullkoetter, PJ; Shelburne, KB. Influence of component geometry on patellar mechanics in posterior-stabilized rotating platform total knee arthroplasty. Journal Of Arthroplasty 2019;34:974-980. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.arth.2019.01.013Hislop, P; Sakata, K; Ackland, DC; Gotmaker, R; Evans, MC. Acromioclavicular joint stabilization: a biomechanical study of bidirectional stability and strength. Orthopaedic Journal Of Sports Medicine 2019;7:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/2325967119836751Kuster, LS; Marshall, D; Fassler, C; Duff, SJ; Hayes, A; Kuster, MS. Can prophylactic cables stop crack propagation in revision arthroplasty: a biomechanical study. Journal Of Arthroplasty 2019;34:987-990. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.arth.2018.12.039Li, JT; Han, L; Zhang, H; Zhao, Z; Su, XY; Zhou, JF; Li, C; Yin, P; Hao, M; Wang, K; Xu, GX; Zhang, LH; Zhang, LC; Tang, PF. Medial sustainable nail versus proximal femoral nail antirotation in treating ao/ota 31-a2.3 fractures: finite element analysis and biomechanical evaluation. Injury-International Journal Of The Care Of The Injured 2019;50:648-656. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.injury.2019.02.008Marengo, L; Cravino, M; Origo, C. Practices concerning management of gartland type iii supracondylar humeral fractures among italian pediatric orthopedic surgeons. Journal Of Pediatric Orthopaedics-Part B 2019;28:267-270. http://dx.doi.org/10.1097/BPB.0000000000000615Martetschlager, F; Reifenschneider, F; Fischer, N; Wijdicks, CA; Millett, PJ; Imhoff, AB; Braun, S. Sternoclavicular joint reconstruction fracture risk is reduced with straight drill tunnels and optimized with tendon graft suture augmentation. Orthopaedic Journal Of Sports Medicine 2019;7:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/2325967119838265[U]*POSTURE/BALANCE*[/U]Lelard, T; Stins, J; Mouras, H. Postural responses to emotional visual stimuli. Neurophysiologie Clinique-Clinical Neurophysiology 2019;49:109-114. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.neucli.2019.01.005Major, MJ. Fall prevalence and contributors to the likelihood of falling in persons with upper limb loss. Physical Therapy 2019;99:377-387. http://dx.doi.org/10.1093/ptj/pzy156[U]*PROSTHETICS/ORTHOTICS*[/U]Yandell, MB; Tacca, JR; Zelik, KE. Design of a low profile, unpowered ankle exoskeleton that fits under clothes: overcoming practical barriers to widespread societal adoption. Ieee Transactions On Neural Systems And Rehabilitation Engineering 2019;27:712-723. http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TNSRE.2019.2904924Gasparri, GM; Luque, J; Lerner, ZF. Proportional joint-moment control for instantaneously adaptive ankle exoskeleton assistance. Ieee Transactions On Neural Systems And Rehabilitation Engineering 2019;27:751-759. http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TNSRE.2019.2905979Lenzi, T; Cempini, M; Hargrove, LJ; Kuiken, TA. Design, development,and validation of a lightweight nonbackdrivable robotic ankle prosthesis. Ieee-Asme Transactions On Mechatronics 2019;24:471-482. http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TMECH.2019.2892609Oba, T; Kadone, H; Hassan, M; Suzuki, K. Robotic ankle-foot orthosis with a variable viscosity link using mr fluid. Ieee-Asme Transactions On Mechatronics 2019;24:495-504. http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TMECH.2019.2894406[U]*ROBOTICS/BIOMIMETICS*[/U]Wang, W; Gu, DB; Xie, GM. Autonomous optimization of swimming gait in a fish robot with multiple onboard sensors. Ieee Transactions On Systems Man Cybernetics-Systems 2019;49:891-903. http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TSMC.2017.2683524Guenther, F; Vu, HQ; Iida, F. Improving legged robot hopping by using coupling-based series elastic actuation. Ieee-Asme Transactions On Mechatronics 2019;24:413-423. http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TMECH.2019.2893235Faraji, S; Razavi, H; Ijspeert, AJ. Bipedal walking and push recovery with a stepping strategy based on time-projection control. International Journal Of Robotics Research 2019;38:587-611. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0278364919835606Nematollahisarvestani, A; Shamloo, A. Dynamics of a magnetically rotated micro swimmer inspired by paramecium metachronal wave. Progress In Biophysics & Molecular Biology 2019;142:32-42. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.pbiomolbio.2018.08.002Christie, MD; Sun, S; Ning, DH; Du, H; Zhang, SW; Li, WH. A highly stiffness-adjustable robot leg for enhancing locomotive performance. Mechanical Systems And Signal Processing 2019;126:458-468. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ymssp.2019.02.043Baser, O; Kizilhan, H; Kilic, E. Biomimetic compliant lower limb exoskeleton (biocomex) and its experimental evaluation. Journal Of The Brazilian Society Of Mechanical Sciences And Engineering 2019;41:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s40430-019-1729-4Rubio, F; Valero, F; Llopis-Albert, C. A review of mobile robots: concepts, methods, theoretical framework, and applications. International Journal Of Advanced Robotic Systems 2019;16:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/1729881419839596Li, SG; Rus, D. Jellocube: a continuously jumping robot with soft body. Ieee-Asme Transactions On Mechatronics 2019;24:447-458. http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TMECH.2019.2899606Gultekin, GK; Saranli, A. Feature detection performance based benchmarking of motion deblurring methods: applications to vision for legged robots. Image And Vision Computing 2019;82:26-38. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.imavis.2019.01.002Wang, GF; Cong, M; Ren, X; Wen, HY; Qin, WL. Chewing-cycle trajectory planning for a dental testing chewing robot. International Journal Of Robotics & Automation 2019;34:283-292. http://dx.doi.org/10.2316/J.2019.206-5388He, YL; Guo, SX; Shi, LW; Xing, HM; Chen, Z; Su, SX. Motion characteristic evaluation of an amphibious spherical robot. International Journal Of Robotics & Automation 2019;34:293-302. http://dx.doi.org/10.2316/J.2019.206-5399[U]*WEARABLE TECHNOLOGY/ENERGY HARVESTING*[/U]Fan, KQ; Zhang, YW; Liu, HY; Cai, ML; Tan, QX. A nonlinear two-degree-of-freedom electromagnetic energy harvester for ultra-low frequency vibrations and human body motions. Renewable Energy 2019;138:292-302. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.renene.2019.01.105Ouyang, H; Liu, Z; Li, N; Shi, BJ; Zou, Y; Xie, F; Ma, Y; Li, Z; Li, H; Zheng, Q; Qu, XC; Fan, YB; Wang, ZL; Zhang, H; Li, Z. Symbiotic cardiac pacemaker. Nature Communications 2019;10:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-09851-1[U]*REACHING/GRASP/UPPER EXTREMITY*[/U]Nickl, RW; Ankarali, MM; Cowan, NJ. Complementary spatial and timing control in rhythmic arm movements. Journal Of Neurophysiology 2019;121:1543-1560. http://dx.doi.org/10.1152/jn.00194.2018[U]*REHABILITATION*[/U]Abraham, A; Hart, A; Dickstein, R; Hackney, ME. Will you draw me a pelvis? dynamic neuro-cognitive imagery improves pelvic schema and graphic-metric representation in people with parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled trial. Complementary Therapies In Medicine 2019;43:28-35. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ctim.2018.11.020Hilber, F; Pfeifer, C; Memmel, C; Zellner, J; Angele, P; Nerlich, M; Kerschbaum, M; Popp, D; Baumann, F; Krutsch, W. Early functional rehabilitation after patellar dislocation-what procedures are daily routine in orthopedic surgery?. Injury-International Journal Of The Care Of The Injured 2019;50:752-757. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.injury.2018.10.020Morales, JS; Valenzuela, PL; Pareja-Galeano, H; Rincon-Castanedo, C; Rubin, DA; Lucia, A. Physical exercise and prader-willi syndrome: a systematic review. Clinical Endocrinology 2019;90:649-661. http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/cen.13953Koop, MM; Rosenfeldt, AB; Alberts, JL. Mobility improves after high intensity aerobic exercise in individuals with parkinson's disease. Journal Of The Neurological Sciences 2019;399:187-193. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jns.2019.02.031[U]*SPORT/EXERCISE*[/U]da Rosa, RG; Oliveira, HB; Gomenuka, NA; Masiero, MPB; da Silva, ES; Zanardi, APJ; de Carvalho, AR; Schons, P; Peyre-Tartaruga, LA. Landing-takeoff asymmetries applied to running mechanics: a new perspective for performance. Frontiers In Physiology 2019;10:. http://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fphys.2019.00415Dalbram, E; Basse, AL; Zierath, JR; Treebak, JT. Voluntary wheel running in the late dark phase ameliorates diet-induced obesity in mice without altering insulin action. Journal Of Applied Physiology 2019;126:993-1005. http://dx.doi.org/10.1152/japplphysiol.00737.2018Punchihewa, NG; Yamako, G; Fukao, Y; Chosa, E. Identification of key events in baseball hitting using inertial measurement units. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:157-160. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.02.001Carson, HJ; Collins, D. Comment on: "challenging conventional paradigms in applied sports biomechanics research". Sports Medicine 2019;49:827-829. http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s40279-019-01094-wGlazier, PS; Mehdizadeh, S. Reply to carson and collins: comment on: "challenging conventional paradigms in applied sports biomechanics research". Sports Medicine 2019;49:831-832. http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s40279-019-01081-1Jonsson, M; Munkhammar, T; Norrbrand, L; Berg, HE. Foot centre of pressure and ground reaction force during quadriceps resistance exercises; a comparison between force plates and a pressure insole system. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:206-210. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.03.004Whelan, D; Delahunt, E; O'Reilly, M; Hernandez, B; Caulfield, B. Determining interrater and intrarater levels of agreement in students and clinicians when visually evaluating movement proficiency during screening assessments. Physical Therapy 2019;99:478-486. http://dx.doi.org/10.1093/ptj/pzz004[U]*TENDON/LIGAMENT*[/U]Khanna, M; Gupte, C; Dodds, A; Williams, A; Walker, M. Magnetic resonance imaging appearances of the capsulo-osseous layer of the iliotibial band and femoral attachments of the iliotibial band in the normal and pivot-shift acl injured knee. Skeletal Radiology 2019;48:729-740. http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00256-018-3128-9Kurdziel, MD; Davidson, A; Ross, D; Seta, J; Doshi, S; Baker, KC; Maerz, T. Biomechanical properties of the repaired and non-repaired rat supraspinatus tendon in the acute postoperative period. Connective Tissue Research 2019;60:254-264. http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/03008207.2018.1488970Hochstrat, E; Muller, M; Frank, A; Michel, P; Hansen, U; Raschke, MJ; Kronenberg, D; Stange, R. Cryopreservation of tendon tissue using dimethyl sulfoxide combines conserved cell vitality with maintained biomechanical features. Plos One 2019;14:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0215595Lee, JM; Veres, SP. Advanced glycation end-product cross-linking inhibits biomechanical plasticity and characteristic failure morphology of native tendon. Journal Of Applied Physiology 2019;126:832-841. http://dx.doi.org/10.1152/japplphysiol.00430.2018Chen, SH; Chou, PY; Chen, ZY; Lin, FH. Electrospun water-borne polyurethane nanofibrous membrane as a barrier for preventing postoperative peritendinous adhesion. International Journal Of Molecular Sciences 2019;20:. http://dx.doi.org/10.3390/ijms20071625[U]*TISSUE/BIOMATERIAL*[/U]Elsayed, M; Ghazy, M; Youssef, Y; Essa, K. Optimization of slm process parameters for ti6al4v medical implants. Rapid Prototyping Journal 2019;25:433-447. http://dx.doi.org/10.1108/RPJ-05-2018-0112Xie, M; Zhang, W; Wang, SL. Stochastic damage constitutive law of calcium phosphate bone cements under biomechanical testing. Basic & Clinical Pharmacology & Toxicology 2019;124:238-238. Dharmadhikari, S; Best, CA; King, N; Henderson, M; Johnson, J; Breuer, CK; Chiang, T. Mouse model of tracheal replacement with electrospun nanofiber scaffolds. Annals Of Otology Rhinology And Laryngology 2019;128:391-400. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0003489419826134Sorribes, IC; Moore, MNJ; Byrne, HM; Jain, HV. A biomechanical model of tumor-induced intracranial pressure and edema in brain tissue. Biophysical Journal 2019;116:1560-1574. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bpj.2019.02.030da Cunha, MGMCM; Hympanova, L; Rynkevic, R; Mes, T; Bosman, AW; Deprest, J. Biomechanical behaviour and biocompatibility of ureidopyrimidinone-polycarbonate electrospun and polypropylene meshes in a hernia repair in rabbits. Materials 2019;12:. http://dx.doi.org/10.3390/ma12071174Haudenschild, AK; Sherlock, BE; Zhou, XN; Hu, JC; Leach, JK; Marcu, L; Athanasiou, KA. Non-destructive detection of matrix stabilization correlates with enhanced mechanical properties of self-assembled articular cartilage. Journal Of Tissue Engineering And Regenerative Medicine 2019;13:637-648. http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/term.2824Grasso, G; Rebella, M; Morbiducci, U; Tuszynski, JA; Danani, A; Deriu, MA. The role of structural polymorphism in driving the mechanical performance of the alzheimer's beta amyloid fibrils. Frontiers In Bioengineering And Biotechnology 2019;7:. http://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fbioe.2019.00083Lu, M; Chen, MH; Bu, ZX; Wang, LS; Sun, L. Cyclic piezoresistive effect in poly(dimethylsiloxane)/carbon nanofiber composites for large strain sensing applications. Journal Of Intelligent Material Systems And Structures 2019;30:1010-1017. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/1045389X19828476[U]*TRAUMA/IMPACT TESTING*[/U]Hajiaghamemar, M; Lan, IS; Christian, CW; Coats, B; Margulies, SS. Infant skull fracture risk for low height falls. International Journal Of Legal Medicine 2019;133:847-862. http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00414-018-1918-1[U]*VETERINARY/AGRICULTURAL*[/U]Plevin, S; McLellan, J; van Schie, H; Parkin, T. Ultrasound tissue characterisation of the superficial digital flexor tendons in juvenile thoroughbred racehorses during early race training. Equine Veterinary Journal 2019;51:349-355. http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/evj.13006Zeng, YQ; Meng, J; Wang, JW; Kong, QS; Li, LL; Ge, SM; Ren, X; Yao, XK; Liu, WJ. Correlation analysis between stride characteristics and racing ability of 2-year-old yili horses in track conditions. Journal Of Equine Veterinary Science 2019;75:19-24. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jevs.2018.12.022[U]*VISUAL/VESTIBULAR/EYE*[/U]Brooks, SE. Securing extraocular muscles in strabismus surgery: biomechanical analysis of muscle imbrication and knot tying technique. Journal Of Aapos 2019;23:57-59. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jaapos.2018.07.356Kazaili, A; Lawman, S; Geraghty, B; Eliasy, A; Zheng, YL; Shen, YC; Akhtar, R. Line-field optical coherence tomography as a tool for in vitro characterization of corneal biomechanics under physiological pressures. Scientific Reports 2019;9:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-42789-4Abass, A; Eliasy, A; Geraghty, B; Elabd, M; Hassan, A; Elsheikh, A. Effect of freezing and thawing on the biomechanical characteristics of porcine ocular tissues. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:93-99. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.02.024[U]*UNIQUE TOPIC*[/U]Shultz, SP; Hughes-Oliver, C; Wells, D; Sheerin, K; Fink, PW; Handsfield, GG; Hebert-Losier, K; Clarke, J; Queen, RM. Can research align with service? lessons learned from the big experiment and national biomechanics day. Journal Of Biomechanics 2019;87:202-205. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.03.006Ge, L; Alexander, A; Rydelek, S; Carrion, R; Barrera, E; Perito, P; Hakky, T. Biomechanical effects of rear tip extenders on inflatable penile implants: a cadaveric study. Journal Of Sexual Medicine 2019;16:83-4952-8349-53. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jsxm.2019.01.040[U]*PICK OF THE WEEK*[/U]Iosa, M; De Bartolo, D; Morone, G; Boffi, T; Mammucari, E; Vannozzi, G; Bini, F; Marinozzi, F; Antonucci, G; Paolucci, S. Gait phase proportions in different locomotion tasks: the pivot role of golden ratio. Neuroscience Letters 2019;699:127-133. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.neulet.2019.01.052[U]*DELETE*[/U]Maria, DBA; Maria, VVR; Lilian, MN; Lucia, MM; Oscar, GP; Rosa, ER. Neurobehavioral and toxicological effects of an aqueous extract of turnera diffusa willd (turneraceae) in mice. Journal Of Ethnopharmacology 2019;236:50-62. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jep.2019.02.036Engel, GL; Taber, K; Vinton, E; Crocker, AJ. Studying alcohol use disorder using drosophila melanogaster in the era of 'big data'. Behavioral And Brain Functions 2019;15:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1186/s12993-019-0159-xLeffa, DT; Panzenhagen, AC; Salvi, AA; Bau, CHD; Pires, GN; Torres, ILS; Rohde, LA; Rovaris, DL; Grevet, EH. Systematic review and meta-analysis of the behavioral effects of methylphenidate in the spontaneously hypertensive rat model of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Neuroscience And Biobehavioral Reviews 2019;100:166-179. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.neubiorev.2019.02.019Ofoegbu, PU; Campos, D; Soares, AMVM; Pestana, JLT. Combined effects of nacl and fluoxetine on the freshwater planarian, schmidtea mediterranea (platyhelminthes: dugesiidae). Environmental Science And Pollution Research 2019;26:11326-11335. http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s11356-019-04532-4Burgueno, JF; Lang, JK; Santander, AM; Fernandez, I; Fernandez, E; Zaias, J; Abreu, MT. Fluid supplementation accelerates epithelial repair during chemical colitis. Plos One 2019;14:. http://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0215387Ma, YY. Striatal morphological and functional alterations induced by prenatal alcohol exposure. Pharmacological Research 2019;142:262-266. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.phrs.2019.02.022Lima, VS; Guimaraes, ATB; Araujo, APD; Estrela, FN; da Silva, IC; de Melo, NFS; Fraceto, LF; Malafaia, G. Depression, anxiety-like behavior, and memory impairment in mice exposed to chitosan-coated zein nanoparticles. Environmental Science And Pollution Research 2019;26:10641-10650. http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s11356-019-04536-0Waider, J; Popp, S; Mlinar, B; Montalbano, A; Bonfiglio, F; Aboagye, B; Thuy, E; Kern, R; Thiel, C; Araragi, N; Svirin, E; Schmitt-Bohrer, AG; Corradetti, R; Lowry, CA; Lesch, KP. Serotonin deficiency increases context-dependent fear learning through modulation of hippocampal activity. Frontiers In Neuroscience 2019;13:. http://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fnins.2019.00245Jerlhag, E. Gut-brain axis and addictive disorders: a review with focus on alcohol and drugs of abuse. Pharmacology & Therapeutics 2019;196:1-14. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.pharmthera.2018.11.005Swales, DM. A biocultural analysis of mortuary practices in the later anglo-saxon to anglo-norman black gate cemetery, newcastle-upon-tyne, england. International Journal Of Osteoarchaeology 2019;29:198-219. http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/oa.2729Clark, KS; Coleman, C; Shelton, R; Heemstra, LA; Novak, CM. Caffeine enhances activity thermogenesis and energy expenditure in rats. Clinical And Experimental Pharmacology And Physiology 2019;46:475-482. http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/1440-1681.13065Bartus, K; Burnside, ER; Galino, J; James, ND; Bennett, DLH; Bradbury, EJ. Erbb receptor signaling directly controls oligodendrocyte progenitor cell transformation and spontaneous remyelination after spinal cord injury. Glia 2019;67:1036-1046. http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/glia.23586Stringer, C; Pachitariu, M; Steinmetz, N; Reddy, CB; Carandini, M; Harris, KD. Spontaneous behaviors drive multidimensional, brainwide activity. Science 2019;364:255-43. http://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.aav7893Scapinello, J; Muller, LG; Schindler, MSZ; Anzollin, GS; Siebel, AM; Boligon, AA; Niero, R; Saraiva, TES; Maus, NP; Betti, AH; Oliveira, JV; Dal Magro, J; de Oliveira, D. Antinociceptive and anti-inflammatory activities of philodendron bipinnatifidum schott ex endl (araceae). Journal Of Ethnopharmacology 2019;236:21-30. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jep.2019.02.037Adnan, M; Chy, MNU; Kam, ATMM; Barlow, JW; Faruque, MO; Yang, XZ; Uddin, SB. Evaluation of anti-nociceptive and anti-inflammatory activities of the methanol extract of holigarna caustica (dennst.) oken leaves. Journal Of Ethnopharmacology 2019;236:401-411. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jep.2019.01.025Bazhenova, EY; Fursenko, DV; Kulikova, EA; Khotskin, NV; Sinyakova, NA; Kulikov, AA. Effect of photoperiodic alterations on depression-like behavior and the brain serotonin system in mice genetically different in tryptophan hydroxylase 2 activity. Neuroscience Letters 2019;699:91-96. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.neulet.2019.01.041Sato, F; Otsuka, T; Kohsaka, A; Le, HT; Bhawal, UK; Muragaki, Y. Smad3 suppresses epithelial cell migration and proliferation via the clock gene dec1, which negatively regulates the expression of clock genes dec2 and per1. American Journal Of Pathology 2019;189:773-783. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ajpath.2019.01.006Weintraub, AY; Rotem, R; Petros, P. Re: da silva et al the histological composition of this site: a cadaveric study. Neurourology And Urodynamics 2019;38:1176-1177. http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/nau.23954